Auditing - How it works (#6939)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/operations/auditing.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When auditing NServiceBus messages, it is important to have the capability to process messages sent to the audit queue: The Particular Service Platform, specifically [ServiceControl](/servicecontrol), processes messages from these auditing queues to provide diagnostic and visualization features. For more information, see the [ServiceInsight](/serviceinsight/) and [ServicePulse](/servicepulse/) documentation.

## How it works

> Auditing shows the end state of the flow of messages. When configured to audit, NServiceBus will capture a copy of every **successfully processed message** and forward it to a specified audit queue. When a message fails to be processed it will be forwarded to the configured error queue and not be copied to the audit queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auditing shows the end state of the flow of messages. When configured to audit, NServiceBus captures a copy of every **successfully processed message** and forwards it to a specified audit queue. When a message fails to be processed it is forwarded to the configured error queue and not be copied to the audit queue. 
```

> This means that a message eventually is forwarded to either the *audit queue* or the *error queue* but while its in flight it will be in the *endpoint queue* untill all immediate and delayed processing attemps have exceeded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that a message is eventually forwarded to either the *audit queue* or the *error queue*, but while it's in flight it will be in the *endpoint queue* until all immediate and delayed processing attempts have exceeded.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Outgoing messages like commands or events will only end in the *audit queue* when **succesfully processed**.

Reviewer 2: Is it necessary to reiterate the commands and messages are messages?
```suggestion
> Outgoing messages like commands and events will only end in the *audit queue* when **succesfully processed**.
```

### Events

> Because auditing only shows processed messages published messages will only appear if there is subscribers for that event. In fact, if there are multiple subscribers there will be an audit message for each subscriber in the audit queue **after each subscriber successfully processed their copy of the event message**. If there is no subscriber or the routing of events in broker has missing routes no event message will copied to the audit queue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because auditing only shows processed messages, published messages will only appear if there are subscribers for that event. If there are multiple subscribers, there will be an audit message for each subscriber in the audit queue **after each subscriber successfully processes their copy of the event message**. If there is no subscriber or the routing of events in the broker has missing routes, no event message will be copied to the audit queue. 
```

> Because auditing only shows processed messages published messages will only appear if there is subscribers for that event. In fact, if there are multiple subscribers there will be an audit message for each subscriber in the audit queue **after each subscriber successfully processed their copy of the event message**. If there is no subscriber or the routing of events in broker has missing routes no event message will copied to the audit queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because auditing only shows processed messages, published messages only appear if there are subscribers for that message. In fact, if there are multiple subscribers there will be an audit message for each subscriber in the audit queue **after each subscriber successfully processed their copy of the event message**. If there is no subscriber or the routing  in the messaging infrastructure is misconfigured no event message will be copied to the audit queue. 
```
